       Adatabase system is a collection of interrelated data and a set of programs that allow
users to access and modify these data. A major purpose of a database system is to provide users
with an abstract view of the data.
       That is the system hides how data is stored and maintained.
The data models are classified into four different categories:
          1) Relational Model : 
                      The relational model uses a collection of tables to represent both data and the relationships among those data. 
          Each table has multiple columns,and each column is the atrribute and the rows of each column contains the different values. 
          Tables are also known as relations. The relational database model was the most widely used database model and a vast majority 
          current database systems are based on the relational mode.
          2) Entity relationship model :
                       The entity relationship model in sql is used to visually understand the relationship between data and its relationship
                       The datas are entities,attributes and the relationship between them.
                            Entity: A real world object such as students and courses etc...
                            Attributes: Properties or details of an entity
                                Eg : An entity called student have attributes like StudentID,Name and Age.
                            Relationship: A connection between the entities.
                                Eg : A student registers in a course
               ER model representions:
                            Entities are represented as rectangles (e.g., Student, Course).
                            Attributes are represented as ovals connected to their entities.
                            Relationships are represented as diamonds connecting entities.
                            So, the ER model is a diagram used to understand the relationship between the tables.















